Add note about when we close stale pull requests (#13309)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/contributing/issue_tracking.md

Core team members working on Wagtail are expected to go through the same process with their own fork of the project.

### Closing pull requests

> When pull requests become stale over time, we will close them to encourage others to take them on. As a general rule, this applies to pull requests that have stalled over more than 2 release cycles. Once a pull request is closed, any contributor can resume work on it at any time, with the same approach taken further, or with a different angle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When pull requests become stale over time, we will close them to encourage others to take them on.

As a general rule, this applies to pull requests that the contributor has indicated they cannot finish or have stalled (no response to questions or feedback) over more than two release cycles.

Once a pull request is closed, any contributor can resume work on it at any time, with the same approach taken further, or with a different angle.

Add a comment to the original issue with some context and what was needed for the pull request to be completed. If there's no original issue that the pull request was created against, consider creating an issue to summarise the bug or enhancement if suitable.
```

Just a suggestion, feel free to tweak. 

I think it's good to clarify what stalled means, stalled should not be that we (core team) never reviewed or commented, but rather that there's been no response.

Also, comms in the original issue is really important in my mind.
